I want to give a review here about a
program from I consort this is basically
it will be your calls in an outbound you
could filter the calls by multiple
filters or just one as far as missed and
coming out calling all calls okay so
they hear will be your favorites where
you can list different favorites
creaking on here would basically give
you additional information on the number
that star represents that is a favorite
I can message the person you could see
what calls they ought to that and far as
call history delete it going back to
hear again like I said this would be if
you didn't have a quality picture and
this would basically whatever custom
picture that you have on it going over
to contacts contacts you'll be able to
scroll up and down because use the bar
on the bottom hear it click on it you
can get more information same white you
could edit it add it to a favorite
change ringtone photo contact
information take it back here to the
fonepad that would be the last number
you dialed pressing the green button
would call that number back this plus
sign here would add a contact
information and clear that information
that way that would basically search I
just smart dialing any contacts that you
have and that's one contact that it
would find the letters you press they're
going into the bottom here you have
exits about registration and additional
options basically the theme that comes
with it as an icon salt black bean I'm
sure letting more coming starts on
Windows on Windows thoughts you can have
it replace the contact manager you don't
have to you can use a default one that
comes in the front incoming calls you
could have a display a picture on an
incoming quote and your answer and
ignore it that way also as a today
plug-in if you're not using touchflo 3d
this is basically on your call button
when you hit the call button what will
show up you can have calls
favorites contacts or your phone pad
completely customizable these are the
tones that you heard on my dial pad you
can have a vibrator or have the tones
and this is basically when have a caller
ID coming in where it zooms which works
really good auto lock dialer is
basically it locks the screen I could
show you that that we don't hit any on
screen icons by accident a bit more
customization about your icons on what
you want to see this is format usually
if you're doing different country
dialing international dialing and also
funk you can change the font style
anyway you want bold or italics so it's
very customizable there let's see if you
go back to favorites and you can double
click on it to call and basically hiss
would be clone as soon as the core picks
up the screen locks you could hit
whatever you want and nothing kicks up
you have to do the unlock button then
you have options to change its speaker
and then you can end the call that way
that's a short little review of a great
new program go check it out at I consult
com